# Predicting Industrial Machine Downtime: Level 1

## 📖 Background
You work for a manufacturer of high-precision metal components used in aerospace, automotives, and medical device applications. Your company operates three different machines on its shop floor that produce different sized components, so minimizing the downtime of these machines is vital for meeting production deadlines.

Your team wants to use a data-driven approach to predicting machine downtime, so proactive maintenance can be planned rather than being reactive to machine failure. To support this, your company has been collecting operational data for over a year and whether each machine was down at those times.

In this first level, you're going to explore and describe the data. This level is aimed towards beginners. If you want to challenge yourself a bit more, check out level two!

## 💾 The data

The company has stored the machine operating data in a single table, available in `'data/machine_downtime.csv'`.

#### Each row in the table represents the operational data for a single machine on a given day:
- `"Date"` - the date the reading was taken on.
- `"Machine_ID"` - the unique identifier of the machine being read.
- `"Assembly_Line_No"` - the unique identifier of the assembly line the machine is located on.
- `"Hydraulic_Pressure(bar)"`, `"Coolant_Pressure(bar)"`, and `"Air_System_Pressure(bar)"` - pressure measurements at different points in the machine.
- `"Coolant_Temperature"`, `"Hydraulic_Oil_Temperature"`, and `"Spindle_Bearing_Temperature"` - temperature measurements (in Celsius) at different points in the machine.
- `"Spindle_Vibration"`, `"Tool_Vibration"`, and `"Spindle_Speed(RPM)"` - vibration (measured in micrometers) and rotational speed measurements for the spindle and tool.
- `"Voltage(volts)"` - the voltage supplied to the machine.
- `"Torque(Nm)"` - the torque being generated by the machine.
- `"Cutting(KN)"` - the cutting force of the tool.
- `"Downtime"` - an indicator of whether the machine was down or not on the given day.